go for it what happened with the date
okay so a couple weeks ago we did a
video I'm not giving this okay so matt
has no idea what's happening today I'm
hiding outside so that he can hear it so
we've had a lot of spicy things before
these are ghost peppers after that we
had to step it up a notch and we did the
dumbest thing we've ever done before so
today we thought would get some
inspiration from hot ones the show we
try to answer as many questions as we
possibly can and every five questions
pertaining it spicier hot sauce and the
last one is over a million on the
Scoville scale which is spicier that any
of the spiciest things that we've ever
had man is not aware of this I'm about
to break the news to be absolutely hate
cops
what's up this sucks huh what is it
suppress yeah this why you let the house
what is it oh no way he's freaking she's
having a good day please tell me how
it's not that hot is it hot it's not too
hot oh my god I was wondering where you
were I was like why do they in West
Hollywood I don't know it's kind of
Thomas guess it doesn't stay so noise so
amar will be asking the questions from
behind the screen you'll be picking them
from Twitter and every five questions
we're going to take one of the hot
sauces right here and he goes from mild
mango hot sauce to 1 million Scoville
the suspect sure that any of the things
of the other half profession in
dissenters know
where's December's this is made out of
six million scoville extract what time
does incompetent there's no there's no
way all right it says I'll need to go
make it into this point all right so
let's get started here's some of the
names
ass-blaster slap your mama go ahead get
garnish oh my god
this one is mango hot sauce one dipper
sauce yeah is it good come on right come
on what's your favorite video on the
channel see some shoes premiere through
my friends even advice
get in what's this carries adventure
that we never got off of booze for sure
cartel running into cartel yeah that was
a scary for sure years ago Thomas was
too scared to go I didn't go in
nope would you rather be stuck on an
island with out of the guy's a mark for
sure
come on boy come on mystic mark Bailey
why would you pick a mark you didn't
pick me I wasn't gonna pick you those
are the most spontaneous out of all of
your ranks from these two months who's
the least okay is something you're not
that [ __ ] here what are you guys
going to do some you nuts yes easy
ass-blaster hot sauce they ran yeah
there's like patterns in this hot Sun
this one's for sure otter what didn't
smell it oh yeah that just went from
like zero to 100 your president what is
the first thing you do I would we put in
funding for being EPA so it's called
environmental environment really oh dude
I'll give a shout-out to your spirit on
the podium that's a regular acceptance I
do it right why are your favorite
youtubers Oh
Busey to have a once Matt not let me
Casey in an h3 h3 I think Jon Olsson
also is great vulgar he makes enough sub
kid alright we're moving out to the next
one slap your mama feel me up so bad so
bad this was way worse awesome man they
do haha
who's who's the most responsible Matt is
the most responsible
I think of March the least response oh
let me explain be a little
somethin'-somethin
I get up every single morning at least
6:30 a.m. sometimes
earlier I go to the gym and the
groceries come back I eat breakfast
I even meditate and then I can walk out
of my room and these guys are still
asleep oh this guy's had cocaine before
have you got the trace of soft random
strangers on the street all the time um
you just kind of do it
amar is the most comfortable out of all
of us to do it I think I think just the
key thing is realized that first of all
you're bringing no harm to this person
you're just asking them a question that
the answer to will be either a yes or a
No and if it's a no you just apologize
for disturbing them and then you leave
the most important thing you just walk
up with the biggest most genuine smile
on your face that's it like this hi can
I sleep in your house my gut garnish
this is too easy so you just got out we
got to step it up chills just do it
haven't you
really what the hell did I buy this was
too easy
we're going straight to the next one
fiery fire that one was kind of spicy
I'm filling it now with ticketed put
your finger in the middle of this ah
would you rather fly 10 miles an hour
100 miles an hour lying fine again
running it's called tank miles an hour
that's not very fast
yeah I supported most going to go that's
awesome hey good luck okay fine well
make you guys say to start a YouTube
channel
no dude what like you know you create an
answer question on that I could be there
trying to take the leg all I'm thinking
about teen leg don't you ever don't you
know you need it cuz otherwise hard to
get on I'll meet you guys decide stereo
channel welcomes you to jail and this is
like first I started making YouTube Nick
and they were terrible comedy skits
maybe if I'm feeling adventurous I'll
put in like five seconds of this in this
edit all right father I think I was
doing it I was and I was born with my
general life after college what I wanted
to do three things I've never done
before 30 days that's a way to make no
less exciting again that's what I did
and then this got us here I just been
way too easy
so we're
skip ahead because I know you guys want
to see a suffered oh my god alright
ladies and gentlemen the moment has
arrived 1 million Scoville go ahead I'm
up good
whoa whoa this one's in hell is family
whoa whoa what the hell happened what's
your favorite part about your job
but the apartment is waking up the see
on the fridge I'm sweating happy again
it's the spiciest thing I've ever had my
life sir
whoa oh please answer the questions we
got in the next one
because the other ones we're expecting
us we'll get a double diplomat one of
the spiciest hot sauces in the world hey
boys
we just do it how'd you put your tongue
in it no odd for example three two one
[Music]
very them I'm really not ready for
another one yeah well why do you do this
all right you do this you should put
your toilet - no come on you are making
a big fight come on my stomach is
hurting Toma where can i buy this -
discomfort shirt
I sometimes you guys wearing the video
it will be out in the summer this summer
there will be several shirts you guys
who submitted designs it looks awesome
we're gonna put them on shirt I can't
even look do you guys think that
religion is net yes all-time one of our
best friends some experience so much
nobody cares collection give bread no
you guys know what is the message by
someone has given you so trust yourself
look very inefficient like really gross
if not make it less spicy my grandma
told me never feel sorry for yourself
good luck for you are you willing to
collaborate the small youtubers yeah if
you have good ideas so help us organize
it for us then that amount us hello I
guess you I will answer your and we'll
maybe collaborate with you uh I thought
maybe friends there's an audience around
me this right here dip it in the Hat man
I just guys are way too confident I'm
going to read the brink difficut about
Harry nice that's Pitt
yeah what's the Scoville level of us
okay
million cool though okay who thinks
they're good with spice not me but I'm
Nigerian oh yeah
[Music]
you're gonna cry good human look at this
band what's happened to us okay I'm
better okay I feel good now when you're
all digivolve to real major in matters
that have to get along oh my god now the
thing that with peppers we keep eating
that's how are you okay shouldn't taught
me in high school what was it like to be
my advisor and leadership teacher in
high school you really want to and I'm
going to join my advisor and then this
who's not really senior remember about
my Mar was sort of um it was a bit off
the wall crazy so I remember the story
about amar and his roommate they will
get too excited they broke through but
secure like a magnet secured or IB just
broken off the hinges well this is the
glass oh my god idea
lapis I'm a tomorrow at school it's very
quiet guy actually kind of kept to
himself you know you're safe hahahaha
time I probably like the guys that is
the one no she should end with go for it
what happened
okay so a couple weeks ago we made a
video where I met my Instagram crush
crush her name is Molly I'm not going to
say hi I'm here you hiding
ballet yeah well I said hi so fine okay
it's fine
after that you guys went to her
Instagram it to her Twitter and just
spam her and asked her if she would
accept you on a date with me and she
actually accepted so I'm going to be
going hopefully on a date with her in
May
[Music]
you guys can kill it the steam internet
right here pretty yesterday and came
through us we kept jelly when they were
screaming all right on that note we will
wrap up this Q&A we're doing maybe more
of you if you want us to do one of these
let us know in the comments if you have
any other questions let us know in
comments we'll try to answer some of
them